lidská práva stejná pro všechny,
důraz na společná řešení,
ochrana životního prostředí,
mnohem vyšší důraz na prevenci - zdraví,
bezpečnost,
svoboda slova,

100 let =  0,0018 sec
1 000 = 0,018 sec
10 000 = 0,18 sec
100 000 = 1,8 sec
1 000 000 = 18 sec
10 000 000 = 180 sec
100 000 000 = 1 800 sec (30 minut)
1 000 000 000 = 18 000 sec (300 minut 5 hodin)
10 000 000 000 = 180 000 sec (3 000 minut 50 hodin)


a beholder made of bioluminescence slimy skin, fantasy, elegant, crisp 8 k line art, digital painting, artstation, unreal engine, octane render, emissive lighting, concept art, matte, sharp focus, hyper realistic lighting, illustration, art by shintaro kago
A fancy portrait of jacksepticeye as a cyborg by Greg Rutkowski, Sung Choi, Mitchell Mohrhauser, Maciej Kuciara, Johnson Ting, Maxim Verehin, Peter Konig, Bloodborne, 8k photorealistic, cinematic lighting, HD, high details, dramatic, dark atmosphere, trending on artstation
inside of lord jabu jabu by anna podedworna, ayami kojima, greg rutkowski, giger, maxim verehin
oil painting scene from  Alien 2 movie in the rooms with clown Giger with melting gold, colorful glow flowers, nebula background art by kim jung gi
rage against the machine band made out of machine parts, concept art, intricate details, highly detailed by greg rutkowski, michael whelan and gustave dore


photo of a man in a dark cloak from behind, in front of a wall with a prismatic plasma circle on it, (((sofa))),fractal flame, fractalism, hoodie, table, fractal carpet,detailed,iridescent,cyberpunk, wide angle lens, brick wall,transdimensional portal,octane render, 8k uhd



a vibrant professional studio portrait photography, beautiful woman DMT spirit of nature hands under the body, portrait, A film still from Matrix movie



A film still from ____ movie


embroidery
diorama

Two Russians sailed on a small boat nearly 300 miles from northeastern Russia to the island of St. Lawrence to avoid mobilization.


realistic detailed face portrait of one handsome futuristic female geisha with few element of alien cyberpunk armor, minimal design armor style, by moebius, alphonse mucha, ayami kojima, amano,, greg hildebrandt,, and mark brooks, feminine, female, seductive, art nouveau, cyberpunk, neo - gothic, gothic, character concept design

goddess close-up portrait goat skull. jellyfish phoenix head, nautilus, orchid, skull, betta fish, bioluminiscent creatures, intricate artwork by Tooth Wu and wlop and beeple. octane render, trending on artstation, greg rutkowski very coherent symmetrical artwork. cinematic, hyper realism, high detail, octane render, 8k

charcoal, line art, anime portrait, splatter drippings, paper texture, beautiful female character in the style of Destiny, mass effect, wearing a intricate detailed casual outfit, gorgeous eyes, beautiful face, dynamic pose, intricate, elaborate, centered, in frame, dramatic lighting, perfect shading, stylize, as drawn by, russ mills, sakimichan, wlop, loish, artgerm, darek zabrocki, jean-baptiste monge


one eye on a nerve,  a piece of the skull is missing and you can see the brain, the facial anatomy is visible, the flesh falls off, sharp focus, wide shot, masterpiece photo, colorful, cinematic, hdr colors


Anna Maria Sieklucka
Natalia Dyer



https://www.urania.ai/top-sd-artists

woman looking to camera, full head detail,  perfect center composition, electric blue hair, Kim Basinger, lunarpunk background, cinematic, real photo, 35mm

<<https://s.mj.run/j2JoKjWGLxM>> domestic home cat as cinematic and photorealistic character design carved in marble, ivory renaissance porcelain face, mechanical features anatomical, transparent fur, symmetry, character portrait, beautiful face, full body, dramatic, volumetric, cinematic lighting, 8k

adorable happy cute feathery chicken with , big blue eyes, cartoons, Sanrio style, hyperdetailed photo, finely detailed, portrait lighting, artstation trending

character design, void arcanist, mist, photorealistic, octane render, unreal engine, hyper detailed, volumetric lighting, hdr.

"The Midjourney Multiverse" highly detailed carving on "southern ice" porcelain, partially glazed, woodfired, art gallery

sunset hills with a field of poppy, detailed landscape, classical painted landscape, trending in artstation, in the style of studio ghibli, wlop, 8k artstation,

Kerala village, sharp focus, wide shot, trending on artstation, masterpiece, by greg rutkowski, by ross tran, by fenghua zhong, octane, soft render, oil on canvas, colorful, cinematic, environmental concept art








---------------------------------------------------
Stable Diffusion prompting cheatsheet

The further to the beginning of the prompt a word is placed, the greater its effect. Use multiple exclamation marks !! to stress a word and brackets () to reduce its strength.

3D renders & realism
unreal engine, octane render, bokeh, vray, houdini render, quixel megascans, depth of field (or dof), arnold render, 8k uhd, raytracing, cgi, lumen reflections, cgsociety, ultra realistic, volumetric fog, overglaze, macro photography, analog photo, polaroid, 100mm, film photography, dslr, cinema4d,
studio quality
Try experimenting with the names of professional cameras (e. g. Fujifilm XT3 or Canon Eos 5D) and lens specifications (e. g. 80mm Sigma f/1.4 or any ZEISS lens).

2d art
digital art, digital painting, color page, featured on pixiv (for anime/manga), trending on dribbble (for vector graphics), trending on artstation, precise lineart, tarot card, character design, concept art, symmetry, golden ratio, evocative, award winning, shiny, smooth, surreal, divine, celestial, elegant, oil painting, soft, fascinating, fine art
Note that Stable Diffusion's output quality is more dependant on artists' names than those of DALL-E and Midjourney. Without atleast one artist name the output might look like a beginner's work.

Environments
stunning environment, wide-angle, aerial view, massive scale, street level view, landscape, panoramic, lush vegetation, idyllic

Detail
wallpaper, poster, sharp focus, hyperrealism, insanely detailed, lush detail, filigree, intricate, crystalline, perfectionism, max detail, 4k uhd, spirals, tendrils, ornate, HQ, angelic, decorations, embellishments, masterpiece, hard edge, masterpiece, breathtaking

Lighting
god rays, hard shadows, studio lighting, soft lighting, diffused lighting, rim lighting, volumetric lighting, specular lighting, cinematic lighting, luminescence, translucency, subsurface scattering, global illumination, indirect light, radiant light rays, bioluminescent details, ektachrome, glowing, shimmering light, halo, iridescent

Colors
vibrant, muted colors, vivid color, post-processing, colorgrading, tone mapping, lush, low contrast, vintage, aesthetic, psychedelic
Hidden gem artstyles
art deco, rococo, art nouveau, baroque

ornate intricate filigree framed, elf wearing ornate intricate detailed carved stained glass (((armor))), determined face, ((perfect face)), heavy makeup, led runes, inky swirling mist, gemstones, ((magic mist background)), ((eyeshadow)), (angry), detailed, intricate,(Alphonse Mucha), (Charlie Bowater), (Daniel Ridgway Knight), (Albert Lynch), (Richard S. Johnson)
Negative prompt: ugly, fat, obese, chubby, (((deformed))), [blurry], bad anatomy, disfigured, poorly drawn face, mutation, mutated, (extra_limb), (ugly), (poorly drawn hands), messy drawing, large_breasts, penis, nose, eyes, lips, eyelashes, text, red_eyes

Portrait Headshot of 30 year old woman with green eyes, long straight strawberry blonde hair, minimal makeup, long eyelashes, and freckles and glossy lips. Studio 2 light setup with key light on the right, and fill on the left Canon EOS R3, f/1.4, ISO 200, 1/160s, 8K, RAW, unedited, symmetrical balance, in-frame, trending on 500px" -I./recurring/OUTFILE.png --fit -f0.75 -G0.5 -U 2.0 0.75 -S3669425038

python scripts/txt2img.py --prompt "a close-up portrait of a cat by pablo picasso, vivid, abstract art, colorful, vibrant" --plms --n_iter 5 --n_samples 1

RuntimeError: CUDA out of memory. Tried to allocate 1024.00 MiB (GPU 0; 6.00 GiB total capacity;
4.54 GiB already allocated; 0 bytes free; 4.66 GiB reserved in total by PyTorch)
If reserved memory is >> allocated memory try setting max_split_size_mb to avoid fragmentation.

python scripts/txt2img.py --prompt "a dog eating a hamburger in space" --ddim_eta 0.0 --n_samples 3 --n_iter 3 --scale 5.0 --ddim_steps 100 --H 192 --W 192

RuntimeError: CUDA out of memory. Tried to allocate 20.00 MiB (GPU 0; 6.00 GiB total capacity;
5.21 GiB already allocated; 0 bytes free; 5.34 GiB reserved in total by PyTorch)
If reserved memory is >> allocated memory try setting max_split_size_mb to avoid fragmentation.


python scripts/txt2img.py --prompt "YOUR, DESCRIPTIONS, GO, HERE" --plms --n_iter 5 --n_samples 1

vysledky
C:\stable-diffusion\stable-diffusion-main\outputs\txt2img-samples\samples

highly detailed epic cinematic concept art, excellent composition, dynamic dramatic cinematic lighting, aesthetic, very inspirational, arthouse by Henri Cartier Bresson

More absolutely STUNNING Ralph McQuarrie inspired concept art.
Basically just say what you want and add "By Ralph McQuarrie"

with --test --creative and you're off to the races.

Použití aplikace DALL-E

Řízení atributů
Kreslení více objektů
Vizualizace perspektivy a trojrozměrnosti
Vizualizace vnitřní a vnější struktury
Odvozování kontextových detailů
Aplikace předchozích schopností
Kombinace nesouvisejících pojmů
Ilustrace zvířat
Vizuální uvažování s nulovým záběrem
Zeměpisné znalosti
Časové znalosti

digital art painting, alien and man with space suit making good time behind them is ufo plane

modern style magazine illustration, chef in kitchen with mobile phone
modern style illustration, woman in office at table looking to computer
modern style illustration, woman on table looking to, dancing computer on the floor
3d people - human character with magnifier and footprints . 3d render illustration

Collection points

hitech alien hardware synthesizer, plasma, music studio, tech, complex, test tubes on the table, readout screen, extremely detailed, rendered in unreal, dark scifi color theme, volumetric lighting, glowing green outlines

Bio Organic architecture. Forest scenes benefit greatly if you add the latin names of the plants you want to add. For instance, instead of Blue Bells, you can add Hyacinthoides.



-------------------------------------------------------
# How to describe a picture: useful words and phrases

adapted from http://www.ego4u.com/en/cram-up/writing/picture-description
Kinds of pictures
picture, image
painting
photograph / photo
portrait
landscape painting
poster
cartoon
drawing
cover / front page
comic strip
Artists
artist
photographer
cartoonist
painter

Structure
next to /near
in front of =/=behind
in the foreground
in the background
in the upper part / at the top
in the lower part / at the bottom
on the left handside / on the left
on the right hand side / on the right
in the central part / in the middle

Information on artist and year and origin
… (image title) is a painting/drawing/cartoon by … (artist), painted in … (year).
… (artist) painted … (image) in … (year).....in (source)
This (image) was published in …..(year) and extracted from ….....(source)

Describing the scene
The picture was taken in/at/near … (place). / the scene takes in.....
The photo was taken in/at/during....(time)
The picture depicts/ shows / … (scene).

What can you see?
The picture is composed of …...(number) parts.
… (position: on the left/right/…) there is / are … / we can see....
… is … (position: on the left/right/…)
In this picture, the character is (Vb)-ing …../ the characters are (Vb)-.ing ..

Impression
The characters look as if ...
The viewer has the impression that ...
The painting is vivid / happy / expressive.
The picture makes the viewer feel … (sad/happy)
The picture inspires the viewer to think about …

Intention
The artist / photographer / painter/ cartoonist uses … to express …
He / She (probably) wants to criticise / express / show …
It is obvious that the artist wants to criticise / express / show …
What the artist / photographer / painter wants to criticise / express / show is …
What the artist / photographer / painter wants to point out / focus on is …
I think / believe / am sure that …
It seems / appears to me that …
The problem illustrated here is … / The issue raised is …...
… symbolises …
… is typical of …
http://cms.ac-martinique.fr/discipline/anglais/file/picture-description/words-phrases.pdf
Online activities to do at home: http://www.franglish.fr/icono/index.htm